What I should do is use the Wordpress excerpts thing to do the following:
1) When you do a search, show just the excerpt (requires writing GOOD excerpts!)
2) When you go to a page, show the excerpt at the top of the page, as a sort of "header" (the current theme "Clean Home" has the "blurb" section, which I disabled, but it will need some php modding to get this idea to work)

I'm not sure what to do about categories, if they would be useful or not. Maybe there should be a "News" feed that has news about the site, and a "Instructions" feed that shows how to do something. Something I was thinking about is to have a page which lists where common files are, like the menu.lst for grub boot.

And should I even do "tags"?

I would also like the search bar to be positioned down, at the same level as the tagline text, and then formatted so that it looks less web1.0ish.

The comments input is kind of imposing feeling, I think. I don't like the idea of having the email required. Should it be? And comments display a big number on the side, that is pretty neat I guess, but maybe it should be removed? Overall I am still not satisfied with the comments section.

On each post it has a list "Author: Tobias | Posted: some day | etcetera" but if I am going to be the only author than there's no need for that, and if I don't use categories there's no need for that, and also I don't really see the need for showing a number of comments, I think it should say "Read/Leave Comments" or something simple like that. Also, I wonder if it could be made that the posted date could basically follow right after the post title text?

Also: In the "blurb" section, or somewhere at the top of each post, and maybe at the top of the main page, there needs to be a thing that says something like "This is shell code, and these are keys to press." If there are more colors they should be listed as well.

Need to finish updating the CSS "code" and "key" markup so that the text looks more like console text.

The guy that wrote thie theme, on his personal blog, has a thing where it displays full code, like python code, for example, and does all the cool color highlighting. You should figure out how that is done.

------------

Design:

On main page, show list of excerpts of recent posts, show: Post title, "post date", "tags"
On search result page, show list of excerpts, show: Post title, "post date", "tags"
On post page, show full post, post title, post date, author, tags

Only post page show excerpt of post in blurb, all others do not show blurb (if no excerpt, do not show?)

On "page"s, show post title